Added benchmarks project (#6)
nanoframework/nanoFramework.MessagePack: README.md

MessagePack is a simple, lightweight serialization library, inspired by [MsgPack.Light](https://github.com/progaudi/MsgPack.Light), that can be used in .NET[nanoFramework](https://github.com/nanoframework) solutions.

> # Approximate measurement results for different serializers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Benchmarks
```

And please move the section and place it after the "Usage" one. This is important when one is comparing serializer options, but secondary to the usage explanations.

| MethodName                          | IterationCount | Mean    | Min   | Max   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| JsonDeserializationBenchmark        | 10             | 36.2 ms | 24 ms | 57 ms |
| BinaryDeserializationBenchmark      | 10             | 0.2 ms  | 0 ms  | 1 ms  |
| MessagePackDeserializationBenchmark | 10             | 27.7 ms | 24 ms | 44 ms |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

Console export: ComparativeSerializationBenchmark benchmark class.

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| MethodName                        | IterationCount | Mean    | Min   | Max   |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| JsonSerializationBenchmark        | 10             | 30.8 ms | 22 ms | 51 ms |
| BinarySerializationBenchmark      | 10             | 0.2 ms  | 0 ms  | 1 ms  |
| MessagePackSerializationBenchmark | 10             | 13.8 ms | 12 ms | 18 ms |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
```

> In terms of speed, MessagePack is no worse than a Json serializer, and slightly wins in terms of the size of the serialized data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As it can be seen from the benchmark results above, in what concerns speed and compaction, `MessagePack` performs better than the Json serializer. Comming at no surprise, Binary serialization is the most performant one.
```
